psalm 42 the chief musician a psalm of
psalm 42 the chief musician a psalm of david i waited patiently for the Lord
david i waited patiently for the Lord
david i waited patiently for the Lord and he inclined to me and heard my cry
and he inclined to me and heard my cry
and he inclined to me and heard my cry he also brought me up out of a horrible
he also brought me up out of a horrible
he also brought me up out of a horrible pit out of the miry clay and set my feet
pit out of the miry clay and set my feet
pit out of the miry clay and set my feet upon a rock and established my steps he
upon a rock and established my steps he
upon a rock and established my steps he has put a new song in my mouth praise to
has put a new song in my mouth praise to
has put a new song in my mouth praise to our God many will see it in fear he will
our God many will see it in fear he will
our God many will see it in fear he will trust in the Lord blessed is that man
trust in the Lord blessed is that man
trust in the Lord blessed is that man who makes the Lord his trust and does
who makes the Lord his trust and does
who makes the Lord his trust and does not respect the proud nor such as turn
not respect the proud nor such as turn
not respect the proud nor such as turn aside to lies many Oh Lord my god are
aside to lies many Oh Lord my god are
aside to lies many Oh Lord my god are your wonderful works which you have done
your wonderful works which you have done
your wonderful works which you have done and your thoughts toward us cannot be
and your thoughts toward us cannot be
and your thoughts toward us cannot be recounted to you in order if I would
recounted to you in order if I would
recounted to you in order if I would declare and speak of them they are more
declare and speak of them they are more
declare and speak of them they are more than can be numbered sacrifice and
than can be numbered sacrifice and
than can be numbered sacrifice and offering you did not desire my ears you
offering you did not desire my ears you
offering you did not desire my ears you have opened burnt offering and sin
have opened burnt offering and sin
have opened burnt offering and sin offering you did not require then I said
offering you did not require then I said
offering you did not require then I said behold I come in the scroll of the book
behold I come in the scroll of the book
behold I come in the scroll of the book it is written of me
it is written of me
it is written of me I delight to do your Will O my god and
I delight to do your Will O my god and
I delight to do your Will O my god and your law is within my heart I have
your law is within my heart I have
your law is within my heart I have proclaimed the good news of
proclaimed the good news of
proclaimed the good news of righteousness in the great assembly
righteousness in the great assembly
righteousness in the great assembly indeed I do not restrain my lips o Lord
indeed I do not restrain my lips o Lord
indeed I do not restrain my lips o Lord you yourself know
you yourself know
you yourself know I have not hidden your righteousness
I have not hidden your righteousness
I have not hidden your righteousness within my heart I have declared your
within my heart I have declared your
within my heart I have declared your faithfulness and your salvation
faithfulness and your salvation
faithfulness and your salvation I have not concealed your loving
I have not concealed your loving
I have not concealed your loving kindness and your truth from the great
kindness and your truth from the great
kindness and your truth from the great assembly do not withhold your tender
assembly do not withhold your tender
assembly do not withhold your tender mercies from me O Lord let your loving
mercies from me O Lord let your loving
mercies from me O Lord let your loving kindness and your truth continually
kindness and your truth continually
kindness and your truth continually preserve me for innumerable evils have
preserve me for innumerable evils have
preserve me for innumerable evils have surrounded me my iniquities have
surrounded me my iniquities have
surrounded me my iniquities have overtaken me so that I am not able to
overtaken me so that I am not able to
overtaken me so that I am not able to look up they are more than the hairs of
look up they are more than the hairs of
look up they are more than the hairs of my head therefore my heart fails me be
my head therefore my heart fails me be
my head therefore my heart fails me be pleased O Lord to deliver me O Lord make
pleased O Lord to deliver me O Lord make
pleased O Lord to deliver me O Lord make haste to help me let them be ashamed and
haste to help me let them be ashamed and
haste to help me let them be ashamed and brought to mutual confusion who seek to
brought to mutual confusion who seek to
brought to mutual confusion who seek to destroy my life let them be driven
destroy my life let them be driven
destroy my life let them be driven backward and brought to dishonour who
backward and brought to dishonour who
backward and brought to dishonour who wish me evil
wish me evil
wish me evil let them be confounded because of their
let them be confounded because of their
let them be confounded because of their shame who say to me ah-ha-ah-ha let all
shame who say to me ah-ha-ah-ha let all
shame who say to me ah-ha-ah-ha let all those who seek you rejoice and be glad
those who seek you rejoice and be glad
those who seek you rejoice and be glad in you let such as love your salvation
in you let such as love your salvation
in you let such as love your salvation say continually the Lord be magnified
say continually the Lord be magnified
say continually the Lord be magnified but I am poor in needy
but I am poor in needy
but I am poor in needy yet the Lord thinks upon me you are my
yet the Lord thinks upon me you are my
yet the Lord thinks upon me you are my help and my deliverer do not delay
help and my deliverer do not delay
help and my deliverer do not delay oh my god